okay man I'll starts here we are with
the a gap of the week and to do this but
it's we gotta have somebody with a great
block in this case we're gonna put
a go ahead and put Justin Smith as the
the number one defensive tackles in
order for us to perform this blitz I you
don't have a make sure you do
substitutions the right way you don't
have the right player here in the right
spot it's definitely going to be hard
for you to make this plea to work now
it's a real simple blitz i like to use
it when i'm playing max coverage usually
in first downs maybe second and long but
I like to combine this play with the 46
play book I also like to share my
cornerbacks it with our spread and etc I
like to do a lot of extra stuff there
here and there so I like making like
eight or nine adjustments like up a play
okay I got out of the rhythm pretty good
I'll come to come out in the fourth so
for three under any play make sure you
flip the play before you come out you're
going to replace the dt on the left and
the left defensive end you're going to
base a line shoot the defensive line to
the left we're going to go ahead and spy
both you could leave it as is right here
as you guys see here we didn't get any
penetration at all and basically what
you gotta do here just a three-man blitz
blitz DT and the left the defensive end
on the left despite the right side of
the line which is the right DT and the
right defensive end you're gonna spy
them both grab the middle linebacker on
the top and you get a three-member it's
as you guys hear through the a gap huh
Duda get one more time with the dt we
blitz both skies on the left side base
online you see here bits of the riblets
and left dt the left defensive end spy
the other side of the line right here we
get stuck but we got great coverage over
the top so that's a really good thing
about this play another thing we're
going to go ahead and do it one more
time here relates the left side of the
line which is the dt and the left
engines event as you guys see this time
we get a nice a gap
there's a really nice play not to abuse
like I said it's kind of inconsistent
sometimes or with slight protection it
could be avoided but it has great
coverage and you're looking for a third
and long or a second along this will
definitely do it sending the Brits with
three men and only covering with great
coverage over the top now you could do
this with any play out of the 43 under
and which is good about it again we're
gonna read it this time we're in a cover
three so we got a blitz all the three
players on the left side left defensive
tackle at the end left outside
linebacker spice the dt and the right
defensive end and as you can see here we
get our acre